# packages in environment at c:\Users\utilisateur\anaconda3\envs\rimbaud:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
argon2_cffi               19.1.0          py38hfa6e2cd_1000    conda-forge
asgiref                   3.3.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blinker                   1.4                        py_1    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py38h294d835_1001    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.12.5            h5b45459_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.12.5        py38haa244fe_1    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.5           py38hd8c33c5_0    conda-forge
chardet                   4.0.0            py38haa244fe_1    conda-forge
cryptography              3.4.7            py38hd7da0ea_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
django                    3.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
django-allauth            0.41.0                     py_0    conda-forge
django-crispy-forms       1.11.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
django-debug-toolbar      3.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
django-environ            0.4.5                      py_1    conda-forge
django-extensions         3.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
djangorestframework       3.12.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
idna                      2.10               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.17.2               hbae68bd_0    conda-forge
libpq                     13.2                 h4f54205_2    conda-forge
oauthlib                  3.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1k               h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
pip                       21.1.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
psycopg2                  2.8.6            py38hd8c33c5_2    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pyjwt                     2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 20.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py38haa244fe_3    conda-forge
python                    3.8.8           h7840368_0_cpython    conda-forge
python3-openid            3.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.8                      1_cp38    conda-forge
pytz                      2021.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.25.1             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
requests-oauthlib         1.3.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                49.6.0           py38haa244fe_3    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.35.5               h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
sqlparse                  0.4.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               h8ffe710_1    conda-forge
typing_extensions         3.7.4.3                    py_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2021a                he74cb21_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
vc                        14.2                 hb210afc_4    conda-forge
vs2015_runtime            14.28.29325          h5e1d092_4    conda-forge
wheel                     0.36.2             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
whitenoise                5.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
win_inet_pton             1.1.0            py38haa244fe_2    conda-forge
wincertstore              0.2             py38haa244fe_1006    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h62dcd97_1010    conda-forge
